KENZIE:  Hello? 

OWEN: Hey Kenzie, it's Owen. 

KENZIE: Oh, hey Owen. How are things? 

OWEN: Not too bad. Work is busy, but nothing I can't handle. 

KENZIE: Oh, that's good to hear. 

OWEN: Anyways, I wanted to talk to you about something. Oh? Yeah. Have you ever heard of John Deere? 

KENZIE: Um, I think so? They make lawnmowers and stuff, right? 

OWEN: Yeah, that one. Well, I found out recently they don't just make riding mowers and weed whackers and whatever. They make all sorts of farm equipment. 

KENZIE: Oh, that's neat. I didn't know that. 

OWEN:  Yeah, all sorts of things, like tractors. 

KENZIE: Oh, really? 

OWEN: Yeah, seems like they make machinery for regular people and for farmers. 

KENZIE: Oh, interesting. Where'd you learn about all this? 

OWEN: Well, there's this article I read on the CBC. 

KENZIE: CBC, eh? Didn't think you were much for reading the news. 

OWEN: Not usually, but this one caught my eye. It was about farmers fighting for the right to fix their own tractors. 

KENZIE: Fix their own tractors? Why would they not be able to do that? 

OWEN: Uh, well, you know how everything nowadays has a computer in it?  Like your car, and your watch, and whatever? 

KENZIE: Yeah. 

OWEN: Well, now they have computerized tractors. 

KENZIE: Wow. 

OWEN: Crazy, eh? Next we'll be putting computers in our brains. 

KENZIE: Don't know about that, Owen. 

OWEN: Anyways, these farmers, they can't fix their own tractors, because now they have software problems, and John Deere won't allow them to mess with it. 

KENZIE: Oh yeah? I heard about these Tesla owners having similar problems with their cars. Where they need to take them to the dealership to get them fixed, they couldn't do them themselves. 

OWEN:  Yeah, it sounds like the same thing, except farmers are used to fixing everything themselves. So a whole bunch of them are learning to code just so they can fix their tractors. Man, talk about resourceful. And it isn't just tractors now either. The farmers have started a whole movement surrounding the right to repair so people can fix their own stuff. 

KENZIE: What's stopping them from doing it in the first place? 

OWEN: So John Deere puts restrictions on their tractors to stop people messing with the software.  They say it's because they don't want customers to accidentally break something, but the farmers say it's because they want to force people to pay John Deere to repair it. 

KENZIE: Oh right, so the farmers are willing to and able to fix their own tractor software problems, but John Deere is preventing them from doing so. Sounds pretty shady to me. 

OWEN: Right, which is why the whole thing has gone to court. The farmers feel like they should have the right to fix things, and John Deere says that they don't want people to mess things up. 

KENZIE: Doesn't seem fair to me. 

OWEN: Right?  Imagine if you had a car, and the car had a lock on the hood, and only the dealership could take the lock off so you could work on your car. 

KENZIE: Might not be a bad idea for people that don't know how to fix cars. 

OWEN: Right, which is the argument these companies are making. But imagine having to go to the dealership just to fill up your wiper fluid, or change your air filter. That would get annoying fast. 

KENZIE: Oh, yeah, I see your point now. 

OWEN: You know, farmers have always been, and will always be, self-sufficient people. So of course it makes them pretty mad that anyone would try to prevent them from fixing stuff. 

KENZIE: You know, I sympathize with that.  I thought of buying one of those electric cars for a while, but the whole car is just one big computer, and I would have no idea how to fix it if a problem came up. 

OWEN: Seems like even farmers can't get away from technology. It's everywhere you look. Maybe you should be a farmer, Kenzie. It might inspire you to do more fixing. 

KENZIE: Very funny, Owen. Anyways, gotta go now. 

OWEN: Alright, I'll talk to you later. Bye. 

KENZIE: Bye. 