TED: Yeah? 

BILLY: What's up? 

TED: Not much. What you up to? 

BILLY: Well, Benny and I are supposed to meet with Freddy to go over some things for that... uh, that shipment that we're expecting. 

TED: Yeah? 

BILLY: And I was thinking- 

TED: Wait, wait a minute. What shipment?

BILLY: What the hell do you mean, what shipment, Ted? Damn! Get with the program, boy! What the hell shipment have we been working on? 
 
TED: Wait a minute, wait a minute. Don't get your panties in a wad. We've always got something we're working on and you weren't too damn specific. 
 
BILLY: Alright, alright. Anyway, you understand what I'm talking about now? 
 
TED: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Go ahead.  
 
BILLY: Well, Bev needs me to watch Caleb, and if you're not doing anything, I want you and Benny to meet with Freddy. 
 
TED: Why can't Benny meet with Freddy by himself? 
 
BILLY: Well, he can, but we're going to help Freddy map his route from, uh, down south, going a different way than he did last time, because he got the heebie-jeebies thinking the feds were following him. 
 
TED: Freddy makes me nervous. He's like an old woman who needs a boy scout, holding her hand while she crosses the street. 
 
BILLY: I know, I know, but that's besides the point.  I just assume this knows exact route anyway, so just plotting it out ain't exactly a bad idea. 
 
TED: Yeah, yeah, that's true. Why can't Benno do it? 
 
BILLY: Well, he can, but you know he ain't too good at maps himself. He's liable to send Freddy through Georgia rather than Louisiana, and I'd rather not take that chance. Not with this load. 
 
TED: Yeah, I agree. He's going to use one of our trucks that has those tracking devices on it? 
 
BILLY: Absolutely! Hell yeah! I want to know what that boy's whereabouts on this trip. Plus, I think using a landscaping truck is ideal for this kind of cargo.  I'm gonna make some arrangements for Freddy to buy some Sago Palms while he's down there, just like he did last time. I think that'll- 
 
TED: Cool, cool. That'll work. Make everything look legit. So when are they meeting? 
 
BILLY: I don't know. Hold on, Benny's right here. Let me put him on. Benny! Get your ass over here! 

BENNY: Hey, TJ, what's up? 

TED: When are you and Freddy meeting? 

BENNY: I have to work round six. 

TED: Okay. When's Freddy gonna get the stuff? 

BENNY: Oh, we don't know exactly when, but it should be any day now. That's why we wanna make sure he's good to go.  Me and uh, Billy has to give that uh, you know, landscaper down south a call to find out. One of us will do that after a while, but we need to meet with Freddy anyway to make sure he's good to go. 

TED: Yeah, I agree. Okay, I'll meet you guys at six. What's he saying? 

BENNY: Uh, he's just saying if Beverly gets home in time, he'll meet us too. 

TED: Okay, I'll be there anyway. I gotta go, but I'll see you all tonight. 

BENNY: Okay, bye. 